Can you continue the work that you were doing except make it so that instead of checking if it’s an offshore because of the last login and for having a treaty, make it so the alliance leader message is only sent to leaders of alliances within a band of 3 or more members and 8 or less members because most offshores only have 1-2 people. Can you also make it so that the logs for only the alliance leader message template can be exported and then imported at a different time and make it clear that those import and exports are for the alliance leader logs instead of the template for the rest of the system both with what the buttons say and where they are located and what the files say when exported? This is to ensure that if I clear the Postgres, I can put the alliance leaders already messaged from previous months back into the system after each Postgres wipe. Ensure that alliance leader logs aren’t cleared or shrunk because of size and are stored in the most efficient way possible while still making sure that the leaders aren’t messaged again because they are logged. After lots of log imports, there is a potential for a lot of logs that need to be efficiently stored specifically for the alliance leader template. I want to make sure that alliances with treaties are still messaged and alliances with 2 or less members can be messaged only if the leader has 15 cities or less. If not, skip that alliance. Make sure that the logs work well because alliance leaders cannot be messaged again and the logs should ensure that. Make sure to check that everything is working without starting the application and that the existing player template is doing both of its duties accurately for checking when somebody leaves an alliance and sending to them immediately and when a 2 week or older inactive player returns, send to them immediately. Also check to ensure that everything in the alliance leader template is working correctly and fits together correctly. Also make sure that any changes that you just started to make are fixed to match these exact specifications.